Add Dec 2021 cloud updates (#3692)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/reference/release-notes/cloud-updates.md

To enhance security, the Token UI will only display an InfluxDB Cloud token when it's first created. If you return to the Token page later, you will not be able to view or copy the token. -->

## December 2021

> - **Paginated tasks in UI**: Previously, the Dashboards page only listed the first 100 dashboards. Now, all tasks are accessible and paginated on the Dashboards page.

Author: Assuming this works the same as the task pagination? let me know if not.

> - **Paginated tasks in UI**: Previously, the Dashboards page only listed the first 100 dashboards. Now, all tasks are accessible and paginated on the Dashboards page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Paginated dashboards in UI**: Previously, the Dashboards page could take awhile to load with more than a few dashboards. Now, all dashboarrds are  immediately paginated and accessible on the Dashboards page.
```

- **$250 usage credit**: <!-- is this something we want to share here? -->

> 

Author: Is there anything else we should add here?

To enhance security, the Token UI will only display an InfluxDB Cloud token when it's first created. If you return to the Token page later, you will not be able to view or copy the token. -->

## December 2021

> - **Paginated dashboards in UI**: Previously, the Dashboards could take a while to load with more than a few dashboards. Now, all tasks are immediately accessible on the Dashboards page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Paginated dashboards in UI**: Previously, the Dashboards page could take awhile to load with more than a few dashboards. Now, all dashboards are immediately paginated and accessible on the Dashboards page.
```
